add cache profile option (#4942)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/other-options.mdx

W> Don't share the cache between calls with different options.

### cache.profile

`boolean = false`

> Track and log detailed timing information for individual `"filesystem"` cache items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track and log detailed timing information for individual cache items of type `'filesystem'`.
```

**webpack.config.js**

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  cache: {

>     profile: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    type: 'filesystem',
    profile: true,
```
